README.md, before:

# machine-learning-recipes
Machine Learning Recipes with Josh Gordon

Follows the [Machine Learning Recipes with Josh Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIIuiBfYad6rFYQU_jL2ryal) series by [Google Developers](https://www.youtube.com/user/GoogleDevelopers).

## [Part 1 - Hello World](https://youtu.be/cKxRvEZd3Mw?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIIuiBfYad6rFYQU_jL2ryal)
Six lines of Python is all it takes to write your first machine learning program! In this episode, we'll briefly introduce what machine learning is and why it's important. Then, we'll follow a recipe for supervised learning (a technique to create a classifier from examples) and code it up.

## [Part 2 - Visualizing a Decision Tree](https://youtu.be/tNa99PG8hR8?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIIuiBfYad6rFYQU_jL2ryal)
Last episode, we treated our Decision Tree as a blackbox. In this episode, we'll build one on a real dataset, add code to visualize it, and practice reading it - so you can see how it works under the hood. And hey -- I may have gone a little fast through some parts. Just let me know, I'll slow down. Also: we'll do a Q&A episode down the road, so if anything is unclear, just ask!

Commit message:

Part 3 - What Makes a Good Feature?

README.md, after:

# machine-learning-recipes
Machine Learning Recipes with Josh Gordon

Follows the [Machine Learning Recipes with Josh Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOU2XLYxmsIIuiBfYad6rFYQU_jL2ryal) series by [Google Developers](https://www.youtube.com/user/GoogleDevelopers).

## [Part 1 - Hello World](https://youtu.be/cKxRvEZd3Mw)
Six lines of Python is all it takes to write your first machine learning program! In this episode, we'll briefly introduce what machine learning is and why it's important. Then, we'll follow a recipe for supervised learning (a technique to create a classifier from examples) and code it up.

## [Part 2 - Visualizing a Decision Tree](https://youtu.be/tNa99PG8hR8)
Last episode, we treated our Decision Tree as a blackbox. In this episode, we'll build one on a real dataset, add code to visualize it, and practice reading it - so you can see how it works under the hood.

## [Part 3 - What Makes a Good Feature?](https://youtu.be/N9fDIAflCMY)
Good features are informative, independent, and simple. In this episode, we'll introduce these concepts by using a histogram to visualize a feature from a toy dataset.
